-50.6 1.97, -19.8

12/7 
Made some enemies walk around randomly in the dungeon instead of just standnig still to make things feel more alive and
less predictable.
fixed issue with skeletons gliding in the beginning when engaging player.
Fixed issue with spider animations not player properly.
Fixed issue with boss death animation not always triggering.
Changed so that player takes damage at the hitting point in enemy animation instead of at animation start.
Fixed issue with player not flashing red when hit.
replace the player capsule with an animated model (still need to fix fire projectile animation). 
Removed generic hit object sound and only use sound to communicate specific things.
Added "I can't use that yet" sound when trying to pick up a health potion with full life.
Made some changes to the start of second level to try to help players figure out how to unlock the portal.
Added a hidden health potion to level 2.
Increased collision box size for pickups so that players does not have to stand right on them to pick up stuff.



Release 12
31 /5 
Made the visibility range of monsters different than aggro range. You can see monsters before
getting close enough for them to attack.
Added fps counter, can be turned off with f.

Fixed issue with door before the exit on level 2 getting openened when the entrance to 
graveyard was opened.
Some performance optimizations.
Fixed missing walls on level 1.
Fixed an issue where the weapon level up on level 2 could be visible even when you had that update.


23 /5 Added a new tick function that is called twice per second. Moved the update of 
hp, gold, keys etc in GameManager from updating every frame to updating twice per second.
Did the same with some functions on the player and enemy.

22/5 

Added simple fog of war with the help of cubes


Release 11:

Added boss. Please try it out and give me feedback on it!
First step towards "fog of war". Enemies will only become visible once they possible to see. 
In practice this means that if a line can be drawn from the enemy to the player within the range 
the enemy can see. Will be changed in the future to have visibility range and attack range to be 
two different things so you can see enemies in an open room. This change hopfully contributes a 
bit to making the game a bit more creepy to explore.

Replaced door at end of level 2 for consistency. Same door before all exits.

Fixed incorrect layer on some enemies causing them to block sight from each other 
(enemy could not find player because another enemy was standing in front of it).

Converted a bunch of sounds to mono to make it possible for unity to position the sound
in the world and reduce size.

Fixed an issue with Level 2 not beeing possible to complete if you took the path with the gold
due to lack of a key. The door is now replaced by a metal bar that is opened without key with a
trigger.


Fixed a number of doors that the player could go trough without shooting or using key to open.

Added sound for opening doors.

Added different sound when projectiles hit a damagable object to make it more obvious that the
player is shooting at something that can be destroyed.

Rebuilt the exit area of level 2 so that the platform works as a teleport that takes the 
player to the boss level instead of opening the door to the exit.

Fixing an issue where only part of the larger skeletons would flash red when hit. Now the
code will find all renderes in children instead of only the first one.

Fixed light that was had ran away from it's torch....



14/5 fixed so that the hit damagableObject script find all renderers of an object

13/5 started experimenting with adding boss level and rotating 
-------

10/5 Adding textured walls around level 1 instead of the green ones.

9/5 9:50 Set smoke on thorch to be awake even when the rest of the torch is off. Moved the chest
to reduce chance of it activating on player.


8/5 fixed an issue with missing box collider on major health potions, making it impossible 
for players to take them. Replaced a minor health potion with a major health potion on lvl 2.
Added some broken walls.
Lower speed of two first skeletons from 9 to 8 on lvl 2. Decreased one of the skeletons in the 
beginnings hp to 30.



Release 0.9 09/5
Added a graphical health bar instead of text (Thanks to Kallie Experiments for the suggestion) as well as sound effects when the player gets hit. Both these things should make it easier for you to notice when something is attacking you. Also the graphical health bar makes it quicker to see approximately how much hp you have left at a glance. 
Fixed issue with major health potions not having any collision box, making it impossible to take them. 
Added a minor change that makes it easier to figure out how to unlock the hidden chest at level 1.
Changed the tutorial text on level 1 so that it is now on lying down on the floor. 
Added a text at the shop explaining that you can spend money to buy health refill and weapon upgrade.